this afternoon I watched a video on
flight test comm that was presented by
young fella that Dov was making a
playtests torch but he was making it out
of poor place let's say placing
materials polluted placing material they
made signboards out of there's a local
signing board piece and I'm using now
Corp last comes in various thicknesses
and evidently in various strengths
because this one here moves fairly
easily by the hinge in here is made you
know by removing one of the flutes
alright
I like the tool that the young gentleman
had to remove the guitar section to the
flute at once white I do use a carpet
knife the same as he does and I use just
a single blade and it kind of gets out
of track a few times there but I made
this one this is a use would be a combat
airplane the only difference between
this and some of the others that you see
is it has this third pin in the center
now I do find that it flies better with
the third pin in the center I begin to
wonder maybe I could make these a little
smaller in fact this one here will be if
smaller fins on the outside it and a
major fin in the center here it's more
deliberate because you know it doesn't
wishy-washy on me when I as I'm flying I
like that better this flies very well
but I do have a solid hinge here with
just the relief on the bottom and it
works out all right this is a about 8
inches these motors about eight inches
from the front and I have a arrow shaft
I believe that so I guess that must be
about twelve inches back and of course
the slot for the motor everything is
pretty much same as you see in a lot of
a lot of different pizza box airplanes
okay the only problem I'm having now is
is that I went to build another one that
I was gonna give away and after I cut
the cut out the back for the hinge I
found that this is still pretty stiff
now if you have too much pressure here
in order to make it operate you're going
to cause your servo to draw too much
current and the next thing you know it
cause calls the current down in the the
voltage down in the receiver if the
reportage goes down and receiver far
enough it'll cut Brown out and shove off
and it'll take a certain amount of time
for it to read a link now years gone by
I've had the same trouble with the old
strikers when you hop up a striker and
you hit a lot of pressure on it it would
cause a brown out and I found out then
is that if there was any binding on the
elements at all you could get a brown
out and usually ended up in a crash
unless you were smart enough some people
would turn the transmitter off and turn
it back on again and get it to relink I
never was able to do that but I never
really had a total crash but I come
close and I have had brown outs before
so it's just something to know that you
can have a brown if your hinges are too
stiff now in order to try to relieve
some of the pressure on the hinges I
just use part of the hinge here and
honestly it's still not I still got too
much pressure on it you hear that boy it
you know takes a little a little bit of
current there to push one down pull the
other one up or pull them both up that's
gonna that's that could cause me a Brown
that so I'm probably going to make these
hinges here a little smaller and try
that I could probably cut the pressure
down maybe by half if I made them half
as big I wish I'd made four across here
instead of just three but I'm too far
along to to change that and we'll see
how it works out but I'd appreciate it
if somebody would since I've been banned
from flight tests I can no
longer make comments I'd appreciate it
if somebody might get online and go on
flight test and put any suggestion in in
the comment section for that FT Storch
out of coroplast
and appreciate it and I'd appreciate it
as we make any comments you choose on my
video thank you very much